No wonder he is willing to die on these two cars.
But I am willing to sit on these two cars now.
It doesn't matter.
Do you want to eat it or not? Full.
Eat or not. Then go back if you don’t want to eat.
I don't. You said it yourself and don’t want anyone to repeat it.
Repeat nothing. Something happened.
I should call you today and let you stay.
The one who told the truth
At present, he treats you
One day when I was working as a driver, I got off the train.
Since it has actually been heard but not heard
He often talks about this at home
All my subordinates let you step on my shoulders
You're not sure you can be satisfied
She said she would tell
Enough for both of us
Getting angry
Let's go. If the teacher doesn't come, just take a bite of me.
I deserve to be skewered